README.md, before:

# MANJARO KDE PLASMA RICE

## TO DO
Configure rofi
Make your own proper solarized theme

## Custom keybindings
Ctrl+Alt+Return: Launch ST  
Meta+B: Launch Firefox  
Meta+E: Launch Filemanager  
Meta+R: Reset Tiling Layout  
Meta+Arrow Up: Maximize  
Esc: Close Window  
Alt+Space: Rofi  

## Things to do on first boot
Link to a nice vid on the first steps post-installation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c48LDSrw60

`$ sudo pacman -Syu`  
`$ sudo pacman -S gufw`  
Enable firewall with default settings  
`$ sudo pacman-mirrors -g`  
`$ sudo pacman -S yay`  

## Color for pacman and AUR helpers
`$ sudo nano /etc/pacman.conf`    
Uncomment #Color and #VerbosePkgLists

## Configuring git
Set users name:  
`$ git config --global user.name <name>`  

Set email:  
`$ git config --global user.email <email>`  

Enable global credentials to be stored once for every locally cloned repo:  
`$ git config --global credential.helper store`  

## Packages and libs to install for nvidia gaming
sudo pacman -S lib32-libldap lib32-nvidia-utils lib32-nvidia-libgl lib32-alsa-lib 
lib32-alsa-plugins lib32-libpulse lib32-alsa-oss lib32-openal wine winetricks playonlinux

## KDE Plasma settings
global theme: Breath2
plasma: breath2
application style: default
application style -> GTK2: Breath Dark
application style -> GTK3: Breath Dark
colors: Breath2Dark
icons: Breath2 Dark
cursors: HighContrast
window decorations: remove left icon and question mark
wallpaper: #14191d
widget: event calendar plasmoid + spacer uden flexible space
fonts: Noto Sans
monospace font: Source Code Pro 10, 14
Remove Launch Feedback from System Settings -> Applications

## Remove titlebar
Go to System Settings > Window Management > Window Rules > New..  
Under Window class (application) choose Regular Expression from the drop down and enter .* in the input.  
Click the Appearance & Fixes tab. Enable the No titlebar and frame option. Select Force from the drop down click the Yes radio option.  

## Change settings for default icon size in system tray
`code /usr/share/plasma/plasmoids/org.kde.plasma.private.systemtray`

## Installation of the suckless terminal
git clone https://github.com/tobiasstenberg/st
Icon for ST can be changed in KMenuEdit
Icon is placed in .icons folder

## Installation of kwin-quarter-tiling

`$ git clone https://github.com/Jazqa/kwin-quarter-tiling`  
Activate script by executing:  
`$ kcmshell5 kwinscripts`  

This might be an alternative tiler for KWin:   
https://github.com/kwin-scripts/kwin-tiling#installation

Commit message:

added section on window decorations

README.md, after:

# MANJARO KDE PLASMA RICE

## TO DO
Configure rofi
Make your own proper solarized theme

## Custom keybindings
Ctrl+Alt+Return: Launch ST  
Meta+B: Launch Firefox  
Meta+E: Launch Filemanager  
Meta+R: Reset Tiling Layout  
Meta+Arrow Up: Maximize  
Esc: Close Window  
Alt+Space: Rofi  

## Things to do on first boot
Link to a nice vid on the first steps post-installation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c48LDSrw60

`$ sudo pacman -Syu`  
`$ sudo pacman -S gufw`  
Enable firewall with default settings  
`$ sudo pacman-mirrors -g`  
`$ sudo pacman -S yay`  

## Color for pacman and AUR helpers
`$ sudo nano /etc/pacman.conf`    
Uncomment #Color and #VerbosePkgLists

## Configuring git
Set users name:  
`$ git config --global user.name <name>`  

Set email:  
`$ git config --global user.email <email>`  

Enable global credentials to be stored once for every locally cloned repo:  
`$ git config --global credential.helper store`  

## Packages and libs to install for nvidia gaming
sudo pacman -S lib32-libldap lib32-nvidia-utils lib32-nvidia-libgl lib32-alsa-lib 
lib32-alsa-plugins lib32-libpulse lib32-alsa-oss lib32-openal wine winetricks playonlinux

## KDE Plasma settings
global theme: Breath2
plasma: breath2
application style: default
application style -> GTK2: Breath Dark
application style -> GTK3: Breath Dark
colors: Breath2Dark
icons: Breath2 Dark
cursors: HighContrast
window decorations: remove left icon and question mark
wallpaper: #14191d
widget: event calendar plasmoid + spacer uden flexible space
fonts: Noto Sans
monospace font: Source Code Pro 10, 14
Remove Launch Feedback from System Settings -> Applications

## Window Decorations and active window frame
Go to System Settings > Window Management > Window Rules > New..  
Under Window class (application) choose Regular Expression from the drop down and enter .* in the input.  
Click the Appearance & Fixes tab. Enable the No titlebar and frame option. Select Force from the drop down click the Yes radio option.

GO to System Settings > Application Style > Window Decorations  
Install Borderline decorations  
Configure color by editing decorations.svg in a text editor  
Configure border sizes and title bar sizes in borderlinerc  

## Change settings for default icon size in system tray
`code /usr/share/plasma/plasmoids/org.kde.plasma.private.systemtray`

## Installation of the suckless terminal
git clone https://github.com/tobiasstenberg/st
Icon for ST can be changed in KMenuEdit
Icon is placed in .icons folder

## Installation of kwin-quarter-tiling

`$ git clone https://github.com/Jazqa/kwin-quarter-tiling`  
Activate script by executing:  
`$ kcmshell5 kwinscripts`  

This might be an alternative tiler for KWin:   
https://github.com/kwin-scripts/kwin-tiling#installation
